chore: alpaca vsc extension version (#105)
cosmoconsult/alpaca: docs/en-us/history-roadmap/changelogs/frontend/alpaca-vsc-extension.md

All notable changes to the Visual Studio Code Extension (Preview)

## v0.44.0 (2025-05-21)

> - Customize Azure DevOps Projects based on Cosmo Entities

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
- Add action to customize the process of Azure DevOps projects (based on the available customizations for the assigned COSMO entity)
- Update dependency packages
```
